# CompSciGroupingProject
Bigger Picture of Programs 1’s Purpose:
This program will include a web interface, giving teachers an easier way to put students into groups of any number they would like. This program does not necessarily have to be specified to the purpose of classroom activity. This program can also be used by organizations or in activities which require group work. Examples of this would be, athletic teams, military teams, and even partners on a school trip. This system of forming groups is faster because the time it takes for the teacher to think about the organization of the groups will be taken away since the computer will do it for them. The purpose of this program on the is to provide teachers with a list of students that can randomly put students into groups. The random selection is meant to make it easier for the teacher to put students into groups without having people that won’t work well together being in one. 

Why this should be selected:
I believe that the first project choice should be selected because it is a simple way to assess our knowledge of the fundamentals. Instead of us coming to you, we can do a simple project to find out if we are excelling in your class. This is also good for any student in the class who may be struggling or left behind. The project will allow these students to catch just gain a better understanding. The project will also allow you, the teacher, to assess how much information we have either been retaining from your lectures and reading from the chapters given to us. The project can also be viewed as more of a test because it can help assess students, ultimately determining where they are as far as understanding the material. I have also picked this project out of personal preference. Since there is some material I must catch up on, I don’t think that I can read understand and apply more advanced material while also keeping up in my other classes in the span of two weeks.
